I am still studying and I do not have enough money to afford the course without a job. I had no job and the income of my family is low.
I was in a governmental school and this means that I had free education in my country. I did not even graduate from college so I have no income.
Moreover, I study in a far away city which cost me and my family lots of money so I need all the help I can get to land a job.
I plan on adding any certificates I've attained to all of my applications. I still a student in the faculty of engineering and need every pound in my studies.
I do not want to make my family suffer by paying more money, especially I have my brother who is studying too.
Receiving financial aid will allow me to focus on my studies during the week without having to worry about earning extra money. My country is in a bad economic situation so its very difficult to earn money or find jobs. 
More and above I do not want to ask my parents for money because they hardly afford the costs and expense of living.
the costs of education in college is high so I have no money left to pay for the certificate.
 I love programming and coding but wish I have enough money to pay. I am still studying and afraid of being interrupted by my study by applying for a job to earn money.
##
Taking the certificate of the course will help me a lot to find job opportunities and in interviews. It will help me improve my level of understanding and also will improve my skills. This course will help me improve my skills in English.
It will teach me how to make the best use of my skills. It will help me to improve my situation towards the revolution in education like Distance Learning.
Over the next five years, I want to gain a deeper understanding of self-learning.  It may give me additional training to become more effective.
In a few years, I want to improve my self as much as I could so as to build a strong knowledge base and this course is one of them. I had many goals to achieve and this course will help me achieve them to level up and upgrade myself.
This course will make me care about the time and the best use of it.  This certificate will be a great and effective factor in my CV and give me great opportunities to work.
 Moreover having a verified certificate from a great university like Harvard makes me feel great and gives me the power to do more. I want to learn coding and programming because I love them and PC  also I want to build my own project or a small company to earn money on my own and help my family.
 I want to work on the internet and establish myself in this field. 
If I could master this course I will try my best to give the other information that I had learned.
##
I will tell my friends about this course and not to be selfish and will try my best to make them enroll.